feat(search): use vertex search options (#952)
GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai: search/vertex-search-options/README.md

Reviewer: I think this README content could be added to the main README for the search directory to provide context. https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai/blob/main/search/README.md

This also is written like it could be a good blog post.

Author: Thanks have made the changes as we discussed, combined the various options in one notebook and appended the main search README.

> ### Building Search Applications with Vertex AI 
> #### Google Cloud's Vertex AI: Powering the Future of Search 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Google Cloud Vertex AI: Powering the Future of Search 
```

### Why Vertex AI Search OOTB: 

- The out-of-the-box solution can bring Google-Quality search to build end to end state-of-the-art semantic and hybrid search applications. 
- It has in-built connectors to several data sources (Cloud Storage, Big Query, Websites, Confluence, JIRA, Salesforce, Slack and many more). 
- It can leverage layout information to parsing  tables, paragraphs, headings and other elements  in documents and chunk it more effectively. 
- It uses a combination of keyword (sparse) and LLM (dense) based embeddings to be able to handle varied user queries better. Sparse vectors tend to directly map words to numbers and dense vectors are designed to better represent the meaning of a piece of text. 
- It leverages advanced [neural matching](https://blog.google/products/search/improving-search-next-20-years/) between user queries and document snippets to retrieve highly relevant and ranked results for the user. Neural matching allows a retrieval engine to learn the relationships between a query’s intentions and highly relevant documents, allowing Search to recognize the context of a query instead of the simple similarity search. 

> - It provides users with LLM powered summaries with citations and is designed to scale to your search traffic. Vertex Search now also supports custom instruction templates, making it easy to create powerful competent search experiences with minimal effort. Developers can leverage the console / SDK to quickly leverage and test the OOTB agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It provides users with LLM powered summaries with citations and is designed to scale to your search traffic. Vertex AI Search now also supports custom instruction templates, making it easy to create powerful competent search experiences with minimal effort. Developers can leverage the console / SDK to quickly leverage and test the OOTB agent.
```
